at that time says the Lord they shall
bring out the bones of the kings of
Judah and the bones of its princes and
the bones of the priests and the bones
of the prophets and the bones of the
inhabitants of Jerusalem out of their
graves they shall spread them before the
Sun and the moon and all the hosts of
heaven which they have loved and which
they have served and after which they
have walked which they have sought and
which they have worshiped they shall not
be gathered nor buried they shall be
like refuse on the face of the earth
the death shall be chosen rather than
life by all the residue of those who
remain of this evil family who remained
in all the places where I have driven
them says the Lord of Hosts moreover you
shall say to them thus says the Lord
will they fall and not rise will one
turn away and not return
why has this people slidden back
Jerusalem in a perpetual backsliding
they hold fast to deceit they refused to
return I listened and heard but they do
not speak a right
no man repented of his wickedness saying
what have I done
everyone turned to his own course as the
horse rushes into the battle even the
stalk in the heavens knows her appointed
times and the Turtledove the Swift and
the swallow observed the time of their
coming but my people do not know the
judgment of the Lord how can you say we
are wise and the law of the Lord is with
us look the false pen of the scribes
certainly works falsehood the wise men
are ashamed
they are dismayed and taken behold they
have rejected the words of the Lord so
what wisdom do they have therefore I
will give their wives to others and
their fields to those who will inherit
them
because from the least even to the
greatest everyone is given to
covetousness from the Prophet even to
the priest everyone deals falsely for
they have healed the hurt of the
daughter of my people slightly saying
peace peace when there is no peace were
they ashamed when they had committed
abomination no they were not at all
ashamed nor did they know how to blush
therefore they shall fall among those
who fall in the time of their
punishments they shall be cast down says
the Lord I will surely consume them says
the Lord no grapes shall be on the vine
nor figs on the fig tree in the leaf
shall fade and the things I have given
them shall pass away from them
why do we sit still assemble yourselves
and let us enter the fortified cities
and let us be silent there for the Lord
our God has put us to silence and given
us water or gall to drink because we
have sinned against the Lord we look for
peace but no good came and for a time of
health and there was trouble
the snorting of his horses was heard
from Dan the whole land trembled at the
sound of the neighing of his strong ones
for they have come and devoured the land
that all that is in it the city and
those who dwell in it for behold I will
send serpents among you vipers which
cannot be charmed and they shall bite
you
says the Lord I would comfort myself in
sorrow my heart is faint in me listen
the voice the cry of the daughter of my
people from a far country is not the
Lord in Zion is not her king in her
why have they provoked me to anger with
their carved images with foreign idols
the harvest is past the summer is ended
and we are not saved for the hurt of the
daughter of my people I am hurt I am
mourning
astonishment has taken hold of me is
there no balm in Gilead is there no
physician there why then is there no
recovery for the health of the daughter
of my people
[Music]